fix(formatter): Remove duplicate findings (#514)
SAP/ui5-linter: docs/Rules.md

## ui5-class-declaration

Checks whether the declaration of UI5 classes is correct. This rule only applies to TypeScript code where built-in ECMAScript classes are used instead of an `.extend()` call.

## unsupported-api-usage

> Checks whether used syntax is unsupported by UI5.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Checks whether UI5 API is used correctly, for example in a binding declaration a formatter has to be of type `function` when it's declared in a JavaScript/TypeScript file.
```

Reviewer: @klattg please verify

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Checks whether the UI5 API is used correctly, for example, whether a formatter in a JavaScript/TypeScript binding declaration is of type `function`.
```

Reviewer 2: @flovogt I'd suggest to write it like this. Is it OK for you?

Reviewer: LGTM
